We've all been there. You realize that
this should have been in a Docker
container from the start. So, you do
create a Docker file. And although you
save time writing this, now you have to
waste time configuring it. But good
news, here's a prompt that will
immediately help. Since projects inside
of Docker often include multiple needed
items, Warp can analyze the entire
project and build the Docker files with
multi-stage configuration and small
image size, a Docker ignore file to
ignore large files, and a Docker compose
file to orchestrate needed containers in
a development environment as well as
production. Your afternoon is saved.
Back to work.